# Display Finance data


[Website](https://faustopereyra.com)


## Description
- Make a React project with two pages: a lister with a table that shows the data in market_list.json; and another with view that shows the data in market_view.json
- The pages should be responsive, In HTML without tables (only div), with minimal use of image except for the ones generated by CSS or JS. Small images are allowed but extra points if you dont use them.
- Styling should be in Less, Sass or similar.
- The data should not be hardcoded in the file but consumed from the .json. Data should be loaded/updated asynchronously.


## Installation

Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to install app.

```bash
npm install

cd client/

npm install
npm run build

cd ..
```

## Usage

```bash
npm run start
```




## The lister page
- Should show a table with 8 lines, pagination, sort by all columns. 
- Clicking on a line should open the View page (showing always the same data in market_view.json)

Field description:
```
"closed": false,
"closed_at": "2019-08-24T14:15:22Z", 				<-- Datetime field, needs to be formatted as datetime (not string)
"created_at": "2019-08-24T14:15:22Z", 				<-- Datetime field, same as previous
"created_by": "admin",								<-- Should act as link to user (http://someurl/users/admin) 
"description": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet...", 	<--- description field should be truncated to fit width
"id": 8, 											<-- default order should be by id. First field
"name": "9ffa9185-7453-4fb2-aa6a-3105a6ae83b5", 	<-- should be truncated to fit width. Should be second field. Clicking on it should open view 
"result": true/false/null, 							<-- when null should show as empty 
"url": "http://example7.com",
"min": 1,
"max": 100,
"current": 50,
"tendency": 1 										<-- tendency should show as up or down arrow, depending on >0 or <0
```

## The view page:
- Should show a form with the data from market_view.json
- Should show the "price_history" in a graph

## What will be evaluated
- Design, how nice it looks, elegance etc
- Code style quality, and cleanliness
- How much of the React-way was followed
- Directory structure
- Less/Sass/CSS quality
- How professional looking it looks

## Comments piece of advice:
- You dont have to make everything from scratch, you can copy from stackoverflow, react tutorials etc (the same as if we hire you, you also dont have to do stuff from scratch). But if you copy paste it needs to fit in the code and be changed to look as if you did it :)
- We care how good the code is as much as how well it looks. Between super cool site and horrible code, and more normal site but nice code we prefer the latter. 
- We need to be able to look at the code and understand it
- You can ask questions